# DBMS-local-service-provider-system-
This Local Service Provider Management System is in PHP, JavaScript, and CSS. Talking about the features of this system, it contains the admin section and the user (customer or service provider) section. All the editing, updating, managing bookings, and service providers are from the admin section while customers can only go through the site and make bookings if want. The design of this system is simple so that the user won’t get any difficulties while working on it.
The user can be either a customer who needs home services or a service provider who performs home services. In order to register as a service provider, the user has to fill up the registration form. Whereas, to book the service provider as a customer, the user can first search for the available service provider and then book them. This project makes a convenient way for customers to book service providers, without having to go to the required service center.
## About
This web Application provides facility to find services worldwide. It saves time as it allows user of application to find the service provider at any time with in its reach of the Internet result as they provide all info of service provider , so no need to find in streets and running. It is automatically generated by the server. Administrator has a privilege to insert, update and delete. Users can register with the unique ID number provided to them by the institution and can see the person as well. Application can be used in any big companies and even in small house and save lot of time and resources.

The various front end software used in the project are HTML, JAVASCRIPT and SQLITE, PHP is used as the backend tool.

LSPMS is a web-based application which helps the user to find a service provider in a local area such as maid, tuition teacher, plumber, doctor etc. In this project, there are two modules i.e. admin and user.
## Design


Collections/Tables:

1.	Users

It has Fields 
(i)	Local Service Category
(ii)	Location wise search
(iii)	About LSPMS
(iv)	Individual details 
-Name, 
-Contact
-Photo

2.	Admin

It has Fields
(i)	Login
(ii)	Dashboard
(iii)	Admin Setting
-Profile update
- Change password
- Logout
(iv)	Service Category
-Add Category
- Manage Category
(v)	Person List
-Add person 
-Manage person
